fix(APP-3556): Add correct block explorer links to actions (#372)
aragon/gov-ui-kit: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Changed

> - Updated `hash` property to be optional on the `AssetTransfer` module component
> - Added link to the block explorer for members on the `ProposalActionChangeMembers` module component
> - Added receiver block explorer link to the `ProposalActionTokenMint` module component

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update `hash` property to be optional on the `AssetTransfer` module component
- Add link to the block explorer for members on the `ProposalActionChangeMembers` module component
- Add receiver block explorer link to the `ProposalActionTokenMint` module component
```
